: So AI in schools? It's really interesting. I mean I think it helps me a lot with everything that I need to do, makes me work a lot less hard
:  which is a good thing and a bad thing. What do you think?
: I think schools are about preparing children for
:  the adulthood.
:  and I actually think schools need to up their game a bit, because it's like
:  the real world or the world after school is advancing with AI and technology extensively
: But schools are still kind of in their traditional way, figuring out, there have been some changes
: But bottom line I think schools need to actually speed up a bit and make more changes than they've made.
: Oh I absolutely agree with all of you. These are such great points.
: For example, like what you were saying about  how the real world is definitely not waiting for
:  the schools to catch up to what AI is doing
:  and with
:  honestly
:  the weekly developments in what's going on with AI, schools are staying so far behind, and there's always a cat and mouse game.
:  and uh I'm thinking
:  it would be very beneficial for the schools to utilize the summer break to try to
:  rethink their curriculum and what they would do with, especially
:  elementary school
:  uh to  this is the time to
:  let them have critical thinking and if they don't have that
:  in that early age with AI
:  they would be  so far behind by the time they get to high school.
: Right.
: Yeah what I mean I agree with all of you, but
:  there's a problem of cheating.
: I mean how do we deal with that? It's  students are just gonna ask hey ChatGPT, just write whatever you want
:  right? Just write my homework for me, I'm never going to study, I'm just gonna
: I feel  yeah I feel
:  copy paste the questions into AI. And Hey, I have all the answers, I'm getting one hundred and everything
:  it just teaches people to work a lot less hard I feel like.
:  like why work?
: Yeah.
:  But I think the reason that has  is because the schools are still in this traditional system.
: Sometimes.
: The schools need to change their system, so that the concept of cheating
:  can't be a concern because
:  they almost more aligned. I think the biggest opportunity is
:  if someone wants to establish a private school and do things completely differently, and parents will take a step back and think
:  OK this actually make sense based on where the world is going
:  and based on the other schools on offer
:  and then maybe this trend will become more and more popular and
:  whoever establishes this private school system will become a multimillionaire um
:  but I think the bottom line is the system needs to change
:  in the schools
: Uh so
:  because externally, it won't.
: But how do we make sure that students actually study something and don't just like
:  cheat
:  and then
:  they go home and well I didn't learn something aside from I don't know writing the right prompt to get my homework better  done better, or even not. Some students are so lazy, they'll just
:  like
:  type something whatever in the chat
:  do you know like an AI and   Let's just
:  hand it  in, doesn't matter.
: I agree, and I think this is what the old system is making
:  it very easy for the students to do now, however if you create a
:  project or you create something that they would have to present, they would have to critically think over a topic, and they would have to actually do it as a whole
:  um
:  holistic view, not just  oh here's a  a summary of this book and just  and read this and then do a
:  test on it if you actually have to explore what the times was like and try to do a reenactment or try to do something that would be
:  uh live and in the classroom and that would make you think about how would  I would want to present it and how I would want to do it.
: You can use the tools because it's an advantage it's almost I look at it like
:  we have maps and we would use a map application versus using paper. Nobody uses paper maps anymore.
: You would use the maps on your phone.
: So I think that's
:  that's the whole situation that once maybe you knew where to go, but now, there's a better way for you to get to where you're going and you have
:  applications that will tell you whether traffic
: I  I agree with that. I think
:  um
:  here's almost a question for you.  You talked about critical thinking and I think that's the biggest challenge. How do we
:  maintain the development of critical thinking in the world of AI and
:  yeah I mean I think you've  you've heard me already say that the system is very traditional but in terms of the way that students are tested
:  writing an essay, write in a paper
: I think that's a fundamental problem because it's not very realistic.
: How often do you have to go out
:  in the real world and write a five page essay.
:
:  twelve fonts, double spacing on X , Y and Z
:  especially now that you can get ChatGPT to do it for you. So there must be other ways to test a student's critical thinking
: Something like um testing them through face-to-face communication.
: You're not judging
:  their ability, their articulation ability
: But do they know the knowledge? Are they able to think
:  on a higher level?
: That's innovation into the school system ready, 'cause no one's testing people on
:  speaking to the extent that they test them on writing an essay which ChatGPT is doing for them anyway.
:
:  I think that's a very good point
:  but it's
:  always important to think what skills are we losing, for example with the navigation apps and how many people can actually find their way without
:  you know apps today
: And if your phone dies or you're lost, or can you actually find your way around the world? So even that we need to think what
:  skills are we not teaching anymore that might be important, but y'all, also articulating yourself properly in writing could be a really good thing.
:  you know even
:  if you don't write like a
:  ten page essay, but maybe
:  we want to have people who can actually write, you know, um clear business documents easily
: And so we still need to think about
:  you know, what skills are we still teaching. They are not just critical thinking which is of course very important
:  for everything, not just for AI.
: It's actually so interesting. I was just like learning about this, how you said that in maps
:
:  if you don't use map.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annotated Main Topics
Queries and Annotated Summaries
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------